dancing dancing on cake yeah we are
doing a mini game oh I forgot actually
it's just raging Rapids what am i doing
at this tree get out of there that's
your natural habitat stay in there well
now break block do not place blocks play
up wonder for people to try not to crash
plan creative mode so you can spawn in
bullets play on peaceful press the
button below to get rid of squid what oh
yeah oh go on without me now you press
that button everyone else let's get on
our boats alright just press the start
button on you just can't see make your
way through the raging Rapids by boat
try not to crash and have fun so this is
a boat game a boat down yeah so I'll get
your folks ready celebrate we close this
friendship I'm winning I've crashed
three times and I made it here
oh dang it Wow there we go do you gonna
do f5 mode so you could see and drive
your boat better okay dude please dig
how many boats do you guys on a month
number five yes I don't even know where
I am I don't see any of you sky there's
a problem I see a squid in this dirt
when the dirt he's in desert I'll just
say boats my boat stop doing wrong I
wanted to yeah I'm doing donuts right
now no I'm not you two guys what about
ghosts right help help but now I'm doing
good now yeah now now I'm into doing
this now I'm I'm nailing this this is
professional I'm I am just holy crap
dude I'm so good at this game
yeah hey a waterfall how do I determine
who wins I think I've lost oh boy I've
struck land yeah why did my boat blow up
Oh George
no fine what the crap I'd be better off
swimming what the heck this one through
I struck land and my boat didn't explode
some so I'm just gonna sit here for a
bit you're doing boat I'm gonna eat some
beans beans beans are you really eating
beans I'm having a lazy dinner and
they'd brockman beans and toast here we
go go my boats doing what oh you're
gonna make it you could do this I gotta
check this out this seems like some
demonic night a tree Wow
like trying to spaz out and kill me come
on my man I'm on there going the right
way I'm a boost you all right give you a
little boost
that's a boost No
no joke I just went through the entire
match and and now I'm here my wife you
were here the whole time on my screen I
was at the signs at the bottom down
there
nice job how many boats did you use to
pass help Super Mario no I stay in the
boat stay in the boat I'm coming just
don't help doesn't this is more
help why you do this i freed you from
your boat see ya
okay last one it's all we got it's the
liberator okay yeah yeah I was raging
Rapids it's not done yet any racing that
must be concluded with sumo Tori that is
true it's like a rule
but what's civil Tori it's the only way
to end a racing that are you kidding me
yeah the race meant nothing nobody
actually won yet do you even lift right
now with racing like you even race no
that's some Oh Tori I'm skirt Oh silly
Tori's a good thing don't worry
those pigs pigs that'll make it better
what other off oh yeah yeah sumo battle
to the death all right so now we jump in
survival mode and the last man standing
is the winner and he's the winner of the
boat race too because that's what this
means
yeah yeah you can't take me there's so
many pork chops down there
Oh Buddhas anyway yeah pretty much
that was raging oh ouch